(Dragon roars)
Unh!
If I can't defeat Z‐Arc,
then it's hopeless.
(Declan)
You're wrong.
That's just what Z‐Arc
would have you believe.
We wouldn't all
be here fighting
if we didn't know
we can stop Z‐Arc.
To stop Z‐Arc, you have
to free Yuya first!
But maybe you can get him
to wake up a bit faster
and fight a tad harder!
Yes, that's precisely
what I plan to do.
And to do that...
it's time for me
to swing into action!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Z‐Arc, I know Yuya is
still alive inside you!
Ha! Are you sure?
It was Yuya who discovered
Pendulum Summoning,
so the fact that
you can Pendulum Summon
means that... Yuya is
still alive inside you
fighting to be free.
I draw!
And while you're
piggybacking and leeching
off of Yuya's
Pendulum skills,
I've mastered them!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 2
DD Savant Schrödinger
and my Scale 8
DD Savant Dirac.
(grunting)
Now I can summon monsters
between Level 3 and 7
at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
And call upon
my four monsters to emerge!
DD Nighthowl!
(roaring)
Followed by two
DD Savant Nikolas!
And lastly,
DD Vice Typhon!
I would never have learned
how to Pendulum Summon
if it wasn't for Yuya.
And I will finally be able
to repay the favor
by using those skills to free
you from Z‐Arc's clutches!
Then the two of you can take
down Z‐Arc once and for all!
Hear me, Yuya!
Or better yet,
watch me!
I overlay
my two Savant Nikolas
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
DDD Wave High King Caesar!
(roars)
But I'm not through.
Next, I tune
Level 3 DD Nighthowl
with my Level 7
DD Vice Typhon!
I Synchro Summon!
DDD Gust
High King Alexander!
Finally, I activate
Vice Typhon's special ability!
By banishing Nighthowl
and Vice Typhon
from my graveyard,
I can now Fusion Summon!
DDD Flame
High King Genghis!
(roars)
Let's move!
We gotta go stop Z‐Arc!
Before it's too late!
So you've mastered all
four summoning methods.
How impressive.
Not that you'll win,
but still impressive.
I guess.
Summoning these monsters
is only the start.
It's what I do with them
that counts!
When there are at least two
other DD monsters on my field,
Gust High King Alexander's
attack points double to 6,000!
(growls)
(Allie and Tate)
Wow, that's amazing!
Now make zat
big bully go kaput!
Declan... no matter
how strong his monster gets,
Supreme King Z‐Arc
can't be destroyed.
But maybe Declan
can, like, destroy
that creepy creep's
other dragons instead!
That won't work either.
The other guys tried
the same thing,
but all it did
was make Z‐Arc stronger.
I don't know
what'll work anymore!
Next, I activate Genghis'
special ability!
For every other DD Monster
I have on my field,
Flame High King Genghis
cancels out the effects
of one spell or trap card
that you control!
And the two cards
in your Pendulum Zone
count as spells!
Supreme King Gate Zero
and Supreme King Gate Infinity
are out of commission!
Yes, they're
all bound up!
That means scaly face
can't gain
life points anymore!
You sure know everything!
But I know this, Amanda.
Declan's free to attack now!
Z‐Arc'll probably
crumble under pressure
like a stack o' crackers!
Heh‐heh!
Oh, you got me in a bit
of a pickle now, don't you?
I better return
Supreme King Dragon Odd‐Eyes
to my Extra Deck,
so I can replace it
with two Darkwurms.
(all)
Oh, no!
That's what you think, Z‐Arc!
But you'll replace them
with nothing!
Because by using one of High
King Caesar's Overlay Units,
it stops you from summoning
your Darkwurms!
In fact, High King Caesar
gains the attack points
of one of your
Darkwurms instead!
And I'll use
another Overlay Unit
to give those
exact same attack points
to High King Genghis
as well!
And now,
Flame High King Genghis,
attack Supreme King Z‐Arc!
(growls)
(roars)
Great!
Oh, yeah!
At long last, Z‐Arc's
life points finally took a hit!
Nice!
Yeah! Don't let up!
Stomp a cloghole in him
till the taters are fried!
Caesar, follow Genghis' lead
and attack
Supreme King Z‐Arc!
(roars)
(monsters roaring)
Great!
Nice work!
Take that dragon down!
(kids)
Go, Declan, go!
He's kicking butt!
Wow, amazing!
Now...
You're up,
High King Alexander!
(roaring)
(bellowing)
You don't seem
so mighty now, Z‐Arc.
Now that my turn's done,
my monsters' attack points
return to normal.
But you and I both know
that I now clearly
have the advantage.
Your time will be up
soon enough.
(Z‐Arc chuckling)
(laughing maniacally)
Must be nice...
to be so courageous
yet so naive!
You said that Yuya Sakaki
inspired you
when he discovered
Pendulum Summoning,
but you are so wrong!
How's that?
Yuya Sakaki
discovered nothing.
For your information,
it was I who gave birth
to Pendulum Summoning!
You did?
That smells like
a big fat lie to me!
If he invented
Pendulum Summoning,
I invented ice cream!
That can't... be true!
Unh!
Come now, why would I
ever need to lie?
When Ray defeated me,
I knew I needed to discover
a more powerful technique
in order to win our rematch.
And discover it I did!
No, this can't be.
(Riley thinking)
Hey, Ray, how could you
stop Z‐Arc
with just four cards?
(Ray)
Because those four cards
contained all the energies
of the universe.
En Moon harnessed
the powers of the cosmos,
while En Winds
held the forces
of the storms and gales.
En Birds contained
the life force
of every living creature.
And En Flowers
was the very power
of Mother Nature herself.
With these four spell cards,
I stopped Z‐Arc, splitting him
across dimensions.
But stopping Z‐Arc isn't
the same as ending him.
I knew Z‐Arc would resurrect
one day stronger than before.
And he has...
with the power of Pendulum.
Aah!
Unh, almost there...
Must keep going!
It appears
you could use a hand.
Moon Shadow?
Did you actually think
that you were capable
of hurting me?
I wanted you to damage
my life points
so that I can
activate this‐‐ Hyah!
The trap Supreme Rage!
Ahh!
Since you dealt me more
than 2,000 points of damage,
this trap card resurrects
my four mighty Dragons!
(laughing)
Return, Supreme King
Dragon Odd‐Eyes!
Supreme King
Dragon Clear Wing!
Dragon Dark Rebellion!
And Supreme King
Dragon Starving Venom
This is... the end!
Grr!
And now... Supreme King
Dragon Clear Wing
will attack
High King Alexander!
Why does he do that?
Alexander is stronger
than his dragon.
(Z‐Arc)
Clear Wing's
ability activates!
Your High King Alexander
is automatically destroyed,
and you take damage
equal to its attack points!
All 6,000 of 'em!
I activate DD Savant Dirac's
Pendulum ability!
Not only can I summon it
in Defense Mode,
but it also shields me
from taking any damage.
That was a close call!
I'm just getting started.
Supreme King Dragon
Dark Rebellion,
attack High King Caesar!
He's attacking nonstop!
By using one of Dark
Rebellion's Overlay Units,
Dark Rebellion steals
all of High King Caesar's
attack points
and powers itself up!
Dark Rebellion...
Oh, no!
Eviscerate
Wave High King Caesar
and wipe out the last
of Declan's life points!
I activate DD
Savant Schrödinger's
Pendulum ability!
I also summon Schrödinger
in Defense Mode
to shield me
from any battle damage!
But you're running out
of options!
All right, Starving Venom,
use your special ability!
Leech High King Alexander's
special abilities!
No way!
Since there are at least
two DD monsters
on the field,
Supreme King Dragon
Starving Venom's
attack points double!
Attack now,
Starving Venom!
Incinerate High King Genghis
and win this duel!
You aren't going to be taking
me down that easily, Z‐Arc!
Schrödinger's special
ability protects me
from taking any damage
once per turn.
(roars)
(Professor thinking)
That was close.
But since Declan's monsters
are in Defense Mode,
he'll survive
Z‐Arc's final attacks.
It's time!
Supreme King Dragon Odd‐Eyes,
attack DD Savant Dirac!
(roars)
And don't think you're safe
because your monster's
in defense!
Starving Venom
allows Odd‐Eyes
to deal piercing damage!
Plus, Odd‐Eyes' special ability
doubles the damage you take!
Unh!
(both)
Declan!
Unh!
Oh, no, he's done for.
Gong can't believe
this is it.
That was fun, but all
good times come to an end.
I destroy Schrödinger
and finish you
once and for all!
Declan, nooo!
Huh!
Moon Shadow!
He's back
from being paper thin!
Look, you guys!
It's Riley!
Riley! What do you
think you're doing?
Riley?
I'm not Riley.
It's me... Ray!
Ray?
What?
No!
Sorry to crash this party,
but I didn't want to
miss the fun!
I've stopped you before,
and guess what, Z‐Arc?
(Riley and Ray)
I'm gonna stop you again!
I... draw!
To start things off,
I activate the spell
Life Transformation!
By discarding all the cards
in my hand,
I get back En Flowers,
En Birds,
En Winds, and En Moon
and place them facedown.
Those are
the four special cards
I created to defeat Z‐Arc!
No, not again!
First off is En Flowers!
Go!
(Allie)
It's so pretty!
Wow!
(Riley as Ray)
Since I have at least three
Xyz Monsters in my graveyard,
En Flowers
also lets me activate
the spell card En Birds!
This flock changes all Xyz
Monsters into normal monsters
and takes away
their special abilities!
That's bad news for Z‐Arc.
But great news for us!
And to keep this going,
since I have at least
three Synchro Monsters
in my graveyard,
En Birds lets me activate
the spell card En Winds!
This time, your
Synchro Monsters are the ones
stripped of their
special abilities
and turned
into normal monsters!
Riley's turning those
Dragons into lizards!
Way to show some grit!
(Riley as Ray)
And last but not least,
since I have at least three
Fusion Monsters in my graveyard,
En Birds and En Winds
lets me play
my special card, En Moon!
And like your other dragons,
your Fusion Monsters aren't
so special anymore, too!
(roars)
Z‐Arc is about to
shed his dragon skin
once and for all.
How dare you!
(Riley and Ray)
Oh, I do dare, Z‐Arc!
Due to En Flowers' effect,
all monsters on the field
are destroyed,
and you take 600 points
of damage
for each monster that goes
to the graveyard!
Nicely done.
Argh! No!
(Z‐Arc screaming)
Oh, yeah!
This is nothing...
more than a minor setback!
Then I guess, Z‐Arc,
you don't know
the definition
of minor.
And now that you have
been weakened, Z‐Arc...
Yuya, set yourself free!
Silence, you!
Like both edges
of a swinging pendulum,
if evil is to exist,
then so must good.
So if there is Z‐Arc,
there must be Yuya!
Yuya, set yourself free!
Break free of Z‐Arc!
Return to us!
And end all this suffering
by restoring peace
to the dimensions
and making everyone
smile again!
Silence!
There is no Yuya!
Yuya, snap to it!
(moaning)
Zuzu?
You've been sleeping
on the sidelines!
Time to wake up and help us!
Like only you can!
That's enough!
I've had enough
of your prattling!
No, don't!
Don't hurt her!
I will not lose again!
Not ever!
I've been waiting for years
to get my revenge,
and nothing will stop me...
from achieving
my ultimate victory!
No, Z‐Arc!
I won't let you!
No one will smile again!
I believe in you, Yuya.
I always have,
and I always will.
You've never given up
ever in your life...
and you're not
going to start now.
'Cause through good times
and bad times...
you always fought through
with a smile on your face.
You heard the lady!
Take your dad's advice, Yuya.
When things get tough,
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
(Yuya's voice)
That's right!
It's my... turn!
It's time for me to swing
into action!
I activate Smile Universe
to summon as many
Pendulum Monsters
as I can from my Extra Deck
by negating
their special abilities!
(Monsters roaring)
Z‐Arc's makin' a comeback!
(Z‐Arc's voice)
Thanks for summoning
these monsters, Yuya.
They're absolutely perfect
to crush your friends with.
(Yuya's voice)
No, you won't!
You won't be
crushing anything,
not if I can help it!
Oh, but you can't help!
Not at all!
Oh, but I already did!
Because, since I used
Smile Universe
to summon
those monsters,
Riley gains
life points equal to
their attack points!
No!
Now's your chance, Riley!
(groaning)
End this duel!
Time for En Flowers' effect
to fully blossom!
I destroy
both of your monsters,
and you take 600 points
of damage for each one...
Enough to erase
all your life points
and win this duel!
(roars)
You win... for now...
But I'll return!
The universe is splitting
into four separate
dimensions again.
Z‐Arc will be reborn
in each dimension,
restarting the cycle!
Not on my watch!
I'm going to seal
Z‐Arc away for good!
(Z‐Arc screaming)
(Riley screaming)
Ohh... Huh?
What happened?
Anyone?!